README.md, before:

# Dev-Suite-Tools
Dev-Suite-Tools is a simple program in Python3 that provide an easy installation for the basics tools for a software dev.
### The programs availables now are: 

| Program      |  Commands   |
| :---        |      ---:   |
| VIM      | `devSuite install vim`       |
| GVIM   | `devSuite install gvim`        | 
| VSCode   | `devSuite install vscode`        | 
| Code::Blocks   | `devSuite install codeblocks`        | 
| GCC + G++   |  `devSuite install gccg++`        | 
| Micro Text Editor   | `devSuite install micro`        | 
| TOR Web Browser   | `devSuite install tor`        | 
| Google Chrome   | `devSuite install chrome`        | 
| GIMP   | `devSuite install gimp`        | 
| Audacity   | `devSuite install audacity`        | 
| WINE   | `devSuite install wine`        | 
| Blender   | `devSuite install blender`        | 
| Git   | `devSuite install git`        | 
| Steam   | `devSuite install steam`        | 
| Vlc   | `devSuite install vlc`        | 
| All the programs   | `devSuite install all`        | 

### Installation guide
* To download the repo type: `git clone https://github.com/Kripta-Studios/Dev-Suite-Tools.git`
* Then move to the directory that you downloaded: `cd Dev-Suite-Tools\scripts`
* Then execute: `sudo chmod a+x ./install.sh && sudo ./install.sh`
* Then run: `devSuite install <pkg>` 

### Important information:
Right now the application is only available for Debian based systems.

#### Made by Jinsku Kripta from Kripta Studios

Commit message:

Adding the explanation about how collaborate in the project

README.md, after:

# Dev-Suite-Tools
Dev-Suite-Tools is a simple program in Python3 that provide an easy installation for the basics tools for a software dev.
### The programs availables now are: 

| Program      |  Commands   |
| :---        |      ---:   |
| VIM      | `devSuite install vim`       |
| GVIM   | `devSuite install gvim`        | 
| VSCode   | `devSuite install vscode`        | 
| Code::Blocks   | `devSuite install codeblocks`        | 
| GCC + G++   |  `devSuite install gccg++`        | 
| Micro Text Editor   | `devSuite install micro`        | 
| TOR Web Browser   | `devSuite install tor`        | 
| Google Chrome   | `devSuite install chrome`        | 
| GIMP   | `devSuite install gimp`        | 
| Audacity   | `devSuite install audacity`        | 
| WINE   | `devSuite install wine`        | 
| Blender   | `devSuite install blender`        | 
| Git   | `devSuite install git`        | 
| Steam   | `devSuite install steam`        | 
| Vlc   | `devSuite install vlc`        | 
| All the programs   | `devSuite install all`        | 

### Installation guide
* To download the repo type: `git clone https://github.com/Kripta-Studios/Dev-Suite-Tools.git`
* Then move to the directory that you downloaded: `cd Dev-Suite-Tools\scripts`
* Then execute: `sudo chmod a+x ./install.sh && sudo ./install.sh`
* Then run: `devSuite install <pkg>` 

### Important information:
Right now the application is only available for Debian based systems.

### Collaborate:
All the help is great in this project, but also it's a so simple project. If you're a beginner maybe you will learn a lot, else maybe you became bored in this project. The three only requirements to participate are: know how to use git (and git with VS Code), know the programming language Python and respect the decisions and orders of the project manager. 

If you meet these requirements you're welcome. In the next month here will appear a index about the steps that the project will follow. 

#### Made by Jinsku Kripta from Kripta Studios
